Remove support for unsupported versions of ruby and rails (#1898)
ViewComponent/view_component: docs/compatibility.md

## Ruby & Rails

> ViewComponent supports all actively supported versions of Ruby (3.0+) and Ruby on Rails(6.1+) and is tested against a combination of these versions of Ruby on Rails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ViewComponent supports all actively supported versions of Ruby (3.0+) and Ruby on Rails (6.1+) and is tested against a combination of these versions of Ruby on Rails.
```

> View Component supports all actively supported versions of Ruby (3.0+) and Ruby on Rails(6.1+) and is tested against a combination of these versions of ruby and rails

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ViewComponent supports all actively supported versions of Ruby (3.0+) and Ruby on Rails(6.1+) and is tested against a combination of these versions of Ruby on Rails.
```

> Rails >= 6.0 and Ruby >= 2.7 may still work but is not actively supported and any issues submitted against them will be immediately closed

Reviewer: Could this be rewritten with a friendlier tone? I'm not sure we need to warn that issues will be immediately closed (I guess we would rather discuss the issue first).

Author: thank you for your feedback @Spone, I have updated it, will you let me know what you think ?

> Rails >= 6.0 and Ruby >= 2.7 may still work with view_component, but this configuration is not actively supported and any issues submitted against unsupported versions of Ruby or Rails have no guarantee of being fixed as they may eb arising from issues from these unsupported versions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While EOL (end-of-life) versions of Ruby (>= 2.7) and Ruby on Rails (> 6.0) may still work with ViewComponent, they are not actively supported and we do not active test the gem against them. We will still accept patches on a case-by-case basis to support older Ruby and Ruby on Rails versions based on the complexity and maintenance burden. Please open an issue before submitting a Pull Request that addresses issues with EOL Ruby/Ruby on Rails versions.
```

Thoughts on this? This is how I was imagining we'd handle this situation since it adds some reasonable flexibility without keeping us stuck maintaining EOL dependencies.

Author: I like this @BlakeWilliams, I struggle with the wording sometimes, but this sums it up just right

> While EOL (end-of-life) versions of Ruby (>= 2.7) and Ruby on Rails (> 6.0) may still work with ViewComponent, they are not actively supported and we do not active test the gem against them. We will still accept patches on a case-by-case basis to support older Ruby and Ruby on Rails versions based on the complexity and maintenance burden. Please open an issue before submitting a Pull Request that addresses issues with EOL Ruby/Ruby on Rails versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While EOL (end-of-life) versions of Ruby and Ruby on Rails may still work with ViewComponent, they are not actively supported and no longer tested. We will still accept patches on a case-by-case basis to support older Ruby & Rails versions based on the complexity and maintenance burden. Please open an issue before submitting such a Pull Request.
```

I'm a bit reluctant to mention the specific EOL versions here since we'll need to keep that up-to-date.

Author: @Spone I agree with you, but we will still have to remove and add versions to CI when versions get released and EOL'd
